Who are you to care about me getting married?
Gao Mingyu, I am getting married today.
I'm warning you not to mess around.
Ruoxue
You also know my heart for you all along
As the president of the Gao Group
How can it be more academic than this, but no academic degree?
Disabled veterans who want money and have no money are better
How did you know I was a veteran?
There's nothing I can't find in Binhai
What you checked is only the fur
Your concubine
I'll tell you what.
No one can take away the woman Gao Mingyu likes
Gao Mingyu, don't mess around
Come in quickly
How is that possible?
I brought all the experts
So vulnerable
Fucking father made you unmarried today
I'll give you three minutes.
Bring a luxurious marriage proposal
Adults, be careful, there are killers here